in the past we visited abandoned
mansions
malls towns and even amusement parks but
in Egypt we noticed something odd seven
years ago
Egypt was booming in real estate and the
housing market was on the rise with 95%
of Egypt's population living on 10% of
the land and a growing population rate
there's been efforts by public and
private sectors to create new cities in
neighborhoods outside of Cairo in order
to reduce the density but due to harsh
economic conditions over the past few
years many of these projects were almost
finished but left with no buyers so
today we decided to sneak into one of
these towns and have the very unique
experience of roaming through an entire
city that was abandoned before it was
ever inhabited
[Music]
okay so we've been in Egypt for about a
week now and one thing we've noticed is
that there's just a lot of building and
construction everywhere it seems like a
lot of projects are started but never
finished everywhere from Cairo like in
the middle of the city you'll see
massive apartment buildings to out to a
Mars house in the desert there's just
almost entire cities that seem
unfinished and right now we just found
one and we're in the middle of it as we
talked it still to be this is like a
luxury place that we found by the by the
water so this is actually supposed to be
like really beautiful like resorts and
homes and it's all like half done
[Music]
we don't know when this construction was
started we've heard that they might have
been started over 20 years ago keep your
head down when you walked out yeah
[Music]
it's Santa
is there some people
here ruiner from the alert this business
[Music]
it's pretty much the only sign of like
construction this is for the floors but
there's no tool no-one's been building
here for years
[Music]
sick extremely surreal can you imagine
people on you this would be the world's
greatest paintballing set up ever
you know what we should start busy a
business paint falling in Egypt and we
just go all of these have been and like
half-finished homes is they're gonna pin
paint over this anyway so we can people
just one really matter was just a glass
with you there's a whole other I want to
walk in this one just climb up that this
one a little walk
beautiful in the middle of the project
they stopped they built him to hire and
grow except for these last like four
bricks and it's just not finished so
this was clearly interrupted just one
day just you're still in construction
there'd be stuff here there's really
nothing
[Music]
abandoned places always leaves us more
confused than anything else but on the
bright side it's not every day you get
to see an entire city for yourself we
walked out hopeful to see this place
vibrant with life in the future and who
knows maybe we'll be back one day see
you next week for the last and most
intense episode in Egypt or will finally
reveal to you why mark and go back home
for seven years
[Music]